docs/publications.md, before:

# Publications, Reports & News Articles

## Publications

| Publication Year | Title | Citation (APA 7th Edition) | Link |
|---|---|---|---|
| 2025 | A Digital Heat Early Warning System for Older Adults | Oberai, M., Xu, Z., Bach, A., Forbes, C., Jackman, E., O’Connor, F., Ennever, I., Binnewies, S., Baker, S., & Rutherford, S. (2025). A digital heat early warning system for older adults. *Npj Digital Medicine, 8(1)*, 114. https://doi.org/10.1038/s41746-025-01505-5 | [DOI](https://doi.org/10.1038/s41746-025-01505-5) |
| 2025 | Biophysical versus Machine Learning Models for Predicting Rectal and Skin Temperatures in Older Adults | Forbes, C., Coccarelli, A., Xu, Z., Meade, R. D., Kenny, G. P., Binnewies, S., & Bach, A. J. E. (2025). Biophysical versus machine learning models for predicting rectal and skin temperatures in older adults. *Journal of Thermal Biology, 128*, 104078. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jtherbio.2025.104078 | [DOI](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jtherbio.2025.104078) |
| 2025 | Promoting Targeted Heat Early Warning Systems for at-risk Populations | O’Connor, F. K., Oberai, M., Xu, Z., Binnewies, S., Rutherford, S., Meade, R. D., Baker, S., Jackman, E., Forbes, C., & Bach, A. J. E. (2025). Promoting targeted heat early warning systems for at-risk populations. *Nature Climate Change*. https://doi.org/10.1038/s41558-025-02374-2 | [DOI](https://doi.org/10.1038/s41558-025-02374-2) |
| 2025 | The Odds and Costs of Ambulance Attendances Associated with Heatwave Severity in Older Adults of Queensland, Australia | Xu, Z., Rutherford, S., Nghiem, S., Mason, H. M., Varghese, B. M., King, J. C., Peden, A. E., Watt, K., Bosley, E., & Franklin, R. C. (2025). The odds and costs of ambulance attendances associated with heatwave severity in older adults of Queensland, Australia. *International Journal of Biometeorology*. https://doi.org/10.1007/s00484-025-02981-w | [DOI](https://doi.org/10.1007/s00484-025-02981-w) |
| 2024 | Experimental Research in Environmentally Induced Hyperthermic Older Persons: A Systematic Quantitative Literature Review Mapping the Available Evidence | Bach, A. J. E., Cunningham, S. J. K., Morris, N. R., Xu, Z., Rutherford, S., Binnewies, S., & Meade, R. D. (2024). Experimental research in environmentally induced hyperthermic older persons: A systematic quantitative literature review mapping the available evidence. *Temperature, 11*(1), 4–26. https://doi.org/10.1080/23328940.2023.2242062 | [DOI](https://doi.org/10.1080/23328940.2023.2242062) |
| 2024 | Increased Risk of Cardiopulmonary Mortality During Hot Weather: Well-Designed Health Impact Assessments to Inform Heat Adaptation Strategies | Xu, Z. (2024). Increased risk of cardiopulmonary mortality during hot weather: Well-designed health impact assessments to inform heat adaptation strategies. *The Lancet Regional Health - Europe, 46*, 101065. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.lanepe.2024.101065 | [DOI](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.lanepe.2024.101065) |
| 2024 | Multimorbidity and Emergency Hospitalisations During Hot Weather | Xu, Z., Yi, W., Bach, A., Tong, S., Ebi, K. L., Su, H., Cheng, J., & Rutherford, S. (2024). Multimorbidity and emergency hospitalisations during hot weather. *eBioMedicine, 104*, 105148. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ebiom.2024.105148 | [DOI](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ebiom.2024.105148) |
| 2024 | Preparing for a Hotter Climate: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Heatwaves and Ambulance Callouts in Australia | Oberai, M., Xu, Z., Bach, A. J. E., Phung, D., Watzek, J. T., & Rutherford, S. (2024). Preparing for a hotter climate: A systematic review and meta-analysis of heatwaves and ambulance callouts in Australia. *Australian and New Zealand Journal of Public Health, 48*(1), 100115. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.anzjph.2023.100115 | [DOI](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.anzjph.2023.100115) |
| 2024 | Towards Improvement of Heatwave Warnings for Older Adults: The Case of Queensland Australia | Oberai, M., Baker, S., Bach, A. J. E., Forbes, C., Jackman, E., Binnewies, S., Xu, Z., Cunningham, S., Nghiem, S., Phung, D., & Rutherford, S. (2024). Towards Improvement of Heatwave Warnings for Older Adults: The Case of Queensland Australia. *Journal of Primary Care & Community Health, 15*, 21501319241286584. https://doi.org/10.1177/21501319241286584 | [DOI](https://doi.org/10.1177/21501319241286584) |
| 2023 | Heat, Heatwaves, and Ambulance Service Use: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Epidemiological Evidence | Xu, Z., Watzek, J. T., Phung, D., Oberai, M., Rutherford, S., & Bach, A. J. E. (2023). Heat, heatwaves, and ambulance service use: A systematic review and meta-analysis of epidemiological evidence. *International Journal of Biometeorology, 67*(10), 1523–1542. https://doi.org/10.1007/s00484-023-02525-0 | [DOI](https://doi.org/10.1007/s00484-023-02525-0) |
| 2023 | Older Queenslanders’ Behaviours During Hot Weather: Factors Impacting their Heat Response Actions | Xu, Z., Oberai, M., Bach, A., Binniweis, S., Jackman, E., Forbes, C., Baker, S., Phung, D., & Rutherford, S. (2023). Older Queenslanders’ behaviours during hot weather: Factors impacting their heat response actions. *ISEE Conference Abstracts, 2023*, isee.2023.MP-162. https://doi.org/10.1289/isee.2023.MP-162 | [DOI](https://doi.org/10.1289/isee.2023.MP-162) |

## Reports

| Title | Link |
|---|---|
| Ethos Phase 1 In-Home Trial 2023-24 Summary | [PDF](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/climate-ethos/ethos-documentation/main/docs/assets/Ethos-Reports-and-Leaflets/Ethos-IHT-Phase-1-Summary.pdf) |
| Ethos Heat-Health 65+ Queensland Survey | [PDF](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/climate-ethos/ethos-documentation/main/docs/assets/Ethos-Reports-and-Leaflets/Survey-Technical-Report.pdf) |
| Ethos Project Policy Maker Report | [PDF](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/climate-ethos/ethos-documentation/main/docs/assets/Ethos-Reports-and-Leaflets/Ethos-Policymaker-Report.pdf) |
| World Café 2023 - Exploring Heat, Health, Technology, and Ageing | [PDF](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/climate-ethos/ethos-documentation/main/docs/assets/Ethos-Reports-and-Leaflets/Ethos-World-Cafe-February-2023-Report.pdf) |
| World Café 2024 - Ethos System and In-Home Trial Experience Phase 1 | [PDF](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/climate-ethos/ethos-documentation/main/docs/assets/Ethos-Reports-and-Leaflets/Ethos-World-Cafe-April-2024-Report.pdf) |

## Leaflets and Infographics

| Title | Link |
|---|---|
| Keep Your Pets Safe From The Heat | [PDF](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/climate-ethos/ethos-documentation/main/docs/assets/Ethos-Reports-and-Leaflets/Pet%20Heat-Safe%20Tips.pdf) |
| Cooling Strategies | [PDF](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/climate-ethos/ethos-documentation/main/docs/assets/Ethos-Reports-and-Leaflets/New%20Cooling%20Strategies%20Booklet.pdf) |
| Ethos System User Guide | [PDF](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/climate-ethos/ethos-documentation/main/docs/assets/Ethos-Reports-and-Leaflets/Ethos%20basic%20user%20guide%20brochure.pdf) |
| Ethos Smartphone App User Guide | [PDF](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/climate-ethos/ethos-documentation/main/docs/assets/Ethos-Reports-and-Leaflets/App%20Brochure.pdf) |

## News Articles & Media

| Publisher | Title | Link |
|---|---|---|
| ABC | New Weather-Sensing Technology Created to Stop 'Preventable' Heat-Related Fatalities in Queensland's Elderly | [ABC](https://www.abc.net.au/news/2023-10-14/qld-heat-sensor-weather-tempreture-heatstroke-heatwave-ethos/102956974) |
| ABC | Sweltering Cities Panel Warns Brisbane Heatwaves will Worsen | [ABC](https://www.abc.net.au/news/2024-02-14/brisbane-heatwaves-will-worsen-sweltering-cities-says/103460350) |
| Aged Care Research & Industry Innovation Australia | El Nino Officially Declared: What Does it Mean for Older Australians? | [Ariia Wesbsite](https://www.ariia.org.au/knowledge-implementation-hub/resources/el-nino-officially-declared-what-does-it-mean-older) |
| Anglican Focus | Climate Change and Older Australians: Understanding the Risks and Building Resilience | [Anglican Focus Website](https://anglicanfocus.org.au/2025/06/06/climate-change-and-older-australians-understanding-the-risks-and-building-resilience/) |
| Australian Association of Gerontology | Increased Heat: What Does it Mean for Older Australians? | [AAG Website](https://aag.asn.au/Web/Stay-Informed/AAG-500/What-increased-heat-means-for-older-Australians.aspx) |
| Intouch Public Health | Rise in Heatwaves and Pressure on Ambulance Services | [Intouch Public Health](https://intouchpublichealth.net.au/rise-in-heatwaves-and-pressure-on-ambulance-services/) |
| Intouch Public Health | Striking Before it’s El Nino Hot: Raising Awareness of Older People’s Heat Health Risks | [Intouch Public Health](https://intouchpublichealth.net.au/striking-before-its-el-nino-hot-raising-awareness-of-older-peoples-heat-health-risks/) |
| Griffith Climate Action | Heat Information Video Collection | [Part 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qjhvok5VXBA), [Part 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N7GuYObkhLA), [Part 3](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZCZ73fkbq4o) |
| Griffith Climate Action | The Ethos System: Phase 1 Testimonial | [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O1iXZhQ2row) |
| Griffith University | Extreme Heat Illness and Fatalities - Prevalent but Preventable | [Griffith Website](https://www.griffith.edu.au/research/impact/extreme-heat-illness-and-fatalities) |
| Griffith University | Likelihood of More Ambulance Callouts as Heatwave Conditions Continue | [Griffith Website](https://news.griffith.edu.au/2024/01/29/likelihood-of-more-ambulance-callouts-as-heatwave-conditions-continue/) |
| Research Australia | Advancing Heat-Health Warning Systems for Enhanced Protection and Resilience through a Trans-Disciplinary Research Approach. | [ISSUU Website](https://issuu.com/researchaustralia/docs/ra0084_inspire_apr24_/18) |
| Springer Nature | Rethinking Heat Early Warning Systems: A Personalised Approach for Older Adults | [Springer Nature](https://communities.springernature.com/posts/rethinking-heat-early-warning-systems-a-personalised-approach-for-older-adults) |
| New Zealand Geographic | Not A Fan | [New Zealand Geographic](https://www.nzgeo.com/stories/not-a-fan/) |
| The Conversation | Only 25% of Older Queenslanders are Aware of the Risks Heatwaves put on their Health – New Study | [The Conversation](https://theconversation.com/only-25-of-older-queenslanders-are-aware-of-the-risks-heatwaves-put-on-their-health-new-study-238875) |
| The Senior | Why you don't have to "Stick it Out" without Air-con During a Hot Summer | [The Senior](https://www.thesenior.com.au/story/8885030/how-older-australians-can-stay-cool-in-summer-with-ethos-project/) |

Commit message:

Add Australasian Journal on Ageing publication

docs/publications.md, after:

# Publications, Reports & News Articles

## Publications

| Publication Year | Title | Citation (APA 7th Edition) | Link |
|---|---|---|---|
| 2025 | Factors Associated With Digital Confidence and Use of Technology Among Older Queenslanders | Warburton, J., Oberai, M., Forbes, C., Xu, Z., Bach, A., Jackman, E., Cunningham, S., Binnewies, S., Rutherford, S., & Baker, S. (2025). Factors associated with digital confidence and use of technology among older Queenslanders. *Australasian Journal on Ageing, 44(4)*, e70117. https://doi.org/10.1111/ajag.70117 | [DOI](https://doi.org/10.1111/ajag.70117) |
| 2025 | A Digital Heat Early Warning System for Older Adults | Oberai, M., Xu, Z., Bach, A., Forbes, C., Jackman, E., O’Connor, F., Ennever, I., Binnewies, S., Baker, S., & Rutherford, S. (2025). A digital heat early warning system for older adults. *Npj Digital Medicine, 8(1)*, 114. https://doi.org/10.1038/s41746-025-01505-5 | [DOI](https://doi.org/10.1038/s41746-025-01505-5) |
| 2025 | Biophysical versus Machine Learning Models for Predicting Rectal and Skin Temperatures in Older Adults | Forbes, C., Coccarelli, A., Xu, Z., Meade, R. D., Kenny, G. P., Binnewies, S., & Bach, A. J. E. (2025). Biophysical versus machine learning models for predicting rectal and skin temperatures in older adults. *Journal of Thermal Biology, 128*, 104078. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jtherbio.2025.104078 | [DOI](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jtherbio.2025.104078) |
| 2025 | Promoting Targeted Heat Early Warning Systems for at-risk Populations | O’Connor, F. K., Oberai, M., Xu, Z., Binnewies, S., Rutherford, S., Meade, R. D., Baker, S., Jackman, E., Forbes, C., & Bach, A. J. E. (2025). Promoting targeted heat early warning systems for at-risk populations. *Nature Climate Change*. https://doi.org/10.1038/s41558-025-02374-2 | [DOI](https://doi.org/10.1038/s41558-025-02374-2) |
| 2025 | The Odds and Costs of Ambulance Attendances Associated with Heatwave Severity in Older Adults of Queensland, Australia | Xu, Z., Rutherford, S., Nghiem, S., Mason, H. M., Varghese, B. M., King, J. C., Peden, A. E., Watt, K., Bosley, E., & Franklin, R. C. (2025). The odds and costs of ambulance attendances associated with heatwave severity in older adults of Queensland, Australia. *International Journal of Biometeorology*. https://doi.org/10.1007/s00484-025-02981-w | [DOI](https://doi.org/10.1007/s00484-025-02981-w) |
| 2024 | Experimental Research in Environmentally Induced Hyperthermic Older Persons: A Systematic Quantitative Literature Review Mapping the Available Evidence | Bach, A. J. E., Cunningham, S. J. K., Morris, N. R., Xu, Z., Rutherford, S., Binnewies, S., & Meade, R. D. (2024). Experimental research in environmentally induced hyperthermic older persons: A systematic quantitative literature review mapping the available evidence. *Temperature, 11*(1), 4–26. https://doi.org/10.1080/23328940.2023.2242062 | [DOI](https://doi.org/10.1080/23328940.2023.2242062) |
| 2024 | Increased Risk of Cardiopulmonary Mortality During Hot Weather: Well-Designed Health Impact Assessments to Inform Heat Adaptation Strategies | Xu, Z. (2024). Increased risk of cardiopulmonary mortality during hot weather: Well-designed health impact assessments to inform heat adaptation strategies. *The Lancet Regional Health - Europe, 46*, 101065. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.lanepe.2024.101065 | [DOI](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.lanepe.2024.101065) |
| 2024 | Multimorbidity and Emergency Hospitalisations During Hot Weather | Xu, Z., Yi, W., Bach, A., Tong, S., Ebi, K. L., Su, H., Cheng, J., & Rutherford, S. (2024). Multimorbidity and emergency hospitalisations during hot weather. *eBioMedicine, 104*, 105148. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ebiom.2024.105148 | [DOI](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ebiom.2024.105148) |
| 2024 | Preparing for a Hotter Climate: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Heatwaves and Ambulance Callouts in Australia | Oberai, M., Xu, Z., Bach, A. J. E., Phung, D., Watzek, J. T., & Rutherford, S. (2024). Preparing for a hotter climate: A systematic review and meta-analysis of heatwaves and ambulance callouts in Australia. *Australian and New Zealand Journal of Public Health, 48*(1), 100115. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.anzjph.2023.100115 | [DOI](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.anzjph.2023.100115) |
| 2024 | Towards Improvement of Heatwave Warnings for Older Adults: The Case of Queensland Australia | Oberai, M., Baker, S., Bach, A. J. E., Forbes, C., Jackman, E., Binnewies, S., Xu, Z., Cunningham, S., Nghiem, S., Phung, D., & Rutherford, S. (2024). Towards Improvement of Heatwave Warnings for Older Adults: The Case of Queensland Australia. *Journal of Primary Care & Community Health, 15*, 21501319241286584. https://doi.org/10.1177/21501319241286584 | [DOI](https://doi.org/10.1177/21501319241286584) |
| 2023 | Heat, Heatwaves, and Ambulance Service Use: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Epidemiological Evidence | Xu, Z., Watzek, J. T., Phung, D., Oberai, M., Rutherford, S., & Bach, A. J. E. (2023). Heat, heatwaves, and ambulance service use: A systematic review and meta-analysis of epidemiological evidence. *International Journal of Biometeorology, 67*(10), 1523–1542. https://doi.org/10.1007/s00484-023-02525-0 | [DOI](https://doi.org/10.1007/s00484-023-02525-0) |
| 2023 | Older Queenslanders’ Behaviours During Hot Weather: Factors Impacting their Heat Response Actions | Xu, Z., Oberai, M., Bach, A., Binniweis, S., Jackman, E., Forbes, C., Baker, S., Phung, D., & Rutherford, S. (2023). Older Queenslanders’ behaviours during hot weather: Factors impacting their heat response actions. *ISEE Conference Abstracts, 2023*, isee.2023.MP-162. https://doi.org/10.1289/isee.2023.MP-162 | [DOI](https://doi.org/10.1289/isee.2023.MP-162) |

## Reports

| Title | Link |
|---|---|
| Ethos Phase 1 In-Home Trial 2023-24 Summary | [PDF](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/climate-ethos/ethos-documentation/main/docs/assets/Ethos-Reports-and-Leaflets/Ethos-IHT-Phase-1-Summary.pdf) |
| Ethos Heat-Health 65+ Queensland Survey | [PDF](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/climate-ethos/ethos-documentation/main/docs/assets/Ethos-Reports-and-Leaflets/Survey-Technical-Report.pdf) |
| Ethos Project Policy Maker Report | [PDF](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/climate-ethos/ethos-documentation/main/docs/assets/Ethos-Reports-and-Leaflets/Ethos-Policymaker-Report.pdf) |
| World Café 2023 - Exploring Heat, Health, Technology, and Ageing | [PDF](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/climate-ethos/ethos-documentation/main/docs/assets/Ethos-Reports-and-Leaflets/Ethos-World-Cafe-February-2023-Report.pdf) |
| World Café 2024 - Ethos System and In-Home Trial Experience Phase 1 | [PDF](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/climate-ethos/ethos-documentation/main/docs/assets/Ethos-Reports-and-Leaflets/Ethos-World-Cafe-April-2024-Report.pdf) |

## Leaflets and Infographics

| Title | Link |
|---|---|
| Keep Your Pets Safe From The Heat | [PDF](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/climate-ethos/ethos-documentation/main/docs/assets/Ethos-Reports-and-Leaflets/Pet%20Heat-Safe%20Tips.pdf) |
| Cooling Strategies | [PDF](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/climate-ethos/ethos-documentation/main/docs/assets/Ethos-Reports-and-Leaflets/New%20Cooling%20Strategies%20Booklet.pdf) |
| Ethos System User Guide | [PDF](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/climate-ethos/ethos-documentation/main/docs/assets/Ethos-Reports-and-Leaflets/Ethos%20basic%20user%20guide%20brochure.pdf) |
| Ethos Smartphone App User Guide | [PDF](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/climate-ethos/ethos-documentation/main/docs/assets/Ethos-Reports-and-Leaflets/App%20Brochure.pdf) |

## News Articles & Media

| Publisher | Title | Link |
|---|---|---|
| ABC | New Weather-Sensing Technology Created to Stop 'Preventable' Heat-Related Fatalities in Queensland's Elderly | [ABC](https://www.abc.net.au/news/2023-10-14/qld-heat-sensor-weather-tempreture-heatstroke-heatwave-ethos/102956974) |
| ABC | Sweltering Cities Panel Warns Brisbane Heatwaves will Worsen | [ABC](https://www.abc.net.au/news/2024-02-14/brisbane-heatwaves-will-worsen-sweltering-cities-says/103460350) |
| Aged Care Research & Industry Innovation Australia | El Nino Officially Declared: What Does it Mean for Older Australians? | [Ariia Wesbsite](https://www.ariia.org.au/knowledge-implementation-hub/resources/el-nino-officially-declared-what-does-it-mean-older) |
| Anglican Focus | Climate Change and Older Australians: Understanding the Risks and Building Resilience | [Anglican Focus Website](https://anglicanfocus.org.au/2025/06/06/climate-change-and-older-australians-understanding-the-risks-and-building-resilience/) |
| Australian Association of Gerontology | Increased Heat: What Does it Mean for Older Australians? | [AAG Website](https://aag.asn.au/Web/Stay-Informed/AAG-500/What-increased-heat-means-for-older-Australians.aspx) |
| Intouch Public Health | Rise in Heatwaves and Pressure on Ambulance Services | [Intouch Public Health](https://intouchpublichealth.net.au/rise-in-heatwaves-and-pressure-on-ambulance-services/) |
| Intouch Public Health | Striking Before it’s El Nino Hot: Raising Awareness of Older People’s Heat Health Risks | [Intouch Public Health](https://intouchpublichealth.net.au/striking-before-its-el-nino-hot-raising-awareness-of-older-peoples-heat-health-risks/) |
| Griffith Climate Action | Heat Information Video Collection | [Part 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qjhvok5VXBA), [Part 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N7GuYObkhLA), [Part 3](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZCZ73fkbq4o) |
| Griffith Climate Action | The Ethos System: Phase 1 Testimonial | [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O1iXZhQ2row) |
| Griffith University | Extreme Heat Illness and Fatalities - Prevalent but Preventable | [Griffith Website](https://www.griffith.edu.au/research/impact/extreme-heat-illness-and-fatalities) |
| Griffith University | Likelihood of More Ambulance Callouts as Heatwave Conditions Continue | [Griffith Website](https://news.griffith.edu.au/2024/01/29/likelihood-of-more-ambulance-callouts-as-heatwave-conditions-continue/) |
| Research Australia | Advancing Heat-Health Warning Systems for Enhanced Protection and Resilience through a Trans-Disciplinary Research Approach. | [ISSUU Website](https://issuu.com/researchaustralia/docs/ra0084_inspire_apr24_/18) |
| Springer Nature | Rethinking Heat Early Warning Systems: A Personalised Approach for Older Adults | [Springer Nature](https://communities.springernature.com/posts/rethinking-heat-early-warning-systems-a-personalised-approach-for-older-adults) |
| New Zealand Geographic | Not A Fan | [New Zealand Geographic](https://www.nzgeo.com/stories/not-a-fan/) |
| The Conversation | Only 25% of Older Queenslanders are Aware of the Risks Heatwaves put on their Health – New Study | [The Conversation](https://theconversation.com/only-25-of-older-queenslanders-are-aware-of-the-risks-heatwaves-put-on-their-health-new-study-238875) |
| The Senior | Why you don't have to "Stick it Out" without Air-con During a Hot Summer | [The Senior](https://www.thesenior.com.au/story/8885030/how-older-australians-can-stay-cool-in-summer-with-ethos-project/) |
